I have some important news to share
especially for those watching us in New
York next week we're taking our show on
the road we're going to Brooklyn for
five shows from the Brooklyn Academy of
Music and leading the way our advance
party is our own Guillermo who's driving
cross-country this week in his custom
tour bus the gear mobile Guillermo is
first stop along the way is in Dallas
where he appeared this morning with Jane
McGarry on Good Morning Texas the
Guillermo 'mobile is what you're
bringing to Dallas it's part of your
deal I got to go inside it last year
when you were last here what did you
like best about being in Texas there we
are look at that do you remember oh yeah
oh yeah I do yeah I remember me
Guillermo hasn't learned the art of yeah
but let's go live now to Dallas where
the gear mobile is parked at a Mariano's
Hacienda this is the home of the
original margarita machine
inside
looks like you're enjoying yourself and
is that Mariano with you Guillermo
that's right here's money out of my
friend hey
Mariano did you invent the frozen
margarita I invented the frozen
margarita machine
oh the machine it's Antonian it was
inducted in 2005 but all the other
packets all they saw was the frozen
margarita machines and they put it in
the snack bar next to the popcorn oh now
it's in the Smithsonian right next to
Judah Chows kitchen Wow so Julia's
spirit is getting good and drunk there
now has Guillermo has Guillermo tried to
stick his head under the margarita
machine yet oh my gosh he he did he did
all day long until I gave him this what
what is that this is a Mexican Emmy are
you and then it takes he you take the
hat off Oh in the head and that's full
of tequila of course it is the owner
wrap it stop
oh dear my see my friends Billy and
Johnny mooch are behind you there
and you know I saw I hear my beginning
reports that you're not happy about this
bus trip is that true
oh yeah the bus driver doesn't let me do
number two oh wow that is the same jeez
so anyway I know what a big fan of the
Dallas Cowboys you are and I invited a
friend to stop by to cheer you up so
here he is the former quarterback from
the Dallas Cowboys
[Applause]
Tony have the Cowboys called and asked
you to come back this morning no but but
ABC's nightly show did so they did ok
Jimmy Kimmel's on the defense they said
Tony got no other offers have you ever
had a sip from a Mexican a me before is
that a real thing I don't know
according to Ariana according to Mariano
it is well so Tony
here's what I want to ask you guerre mo
is going to ask you to sleep at his
house tonight say no I will say no one's
else is here but it's getting a little
uncomfortable it is getting
uncomfortable that's how we like to keep
it I can tell you right now that
Guillermo and me were really close the
Mexican family stay strong honey this is
yours
tony is Latino many bright and wanted to
replace Columbus Day with Tony Romo day
in the United States Tony said you're
mistaking me for an Italian I am NOT one
of those I am indeed of Latino descent
well it looks like you guys are really
having a lot of fun there I wish I was
there with you I don't know why
Guillermo
Guillermo apologized to all these people
for being upset that you're in their
City right now
I'm sorry guys I apologize you know a
great way to apologize Guillermo you and
Tony by everyone around the drinks there
in the bar how does that sound
[Applause]
[Music]
and just so everyone knows when he says
you and Tony he means Guillermo by
everybody around the drinks at the bar
Guillermo pull that credit card out of
Tony's pants all right well thank you
guys
Guillermo tomorrow you will be where
where are you going I'm going to Chicago
Jimmy Mo will be at the Old Town Ale
House in Chicago you're not driving the
bus are you Guillermo no clubs now he's
going number two thanks to Tony Thank
You Mariano
thanks a million Johnny
our guest in Brooklyn we have not
announced the first time our guests in
Brooklyn next week could I get a
drumroll will be Bruce Springsteen John
Krasinski Ellie Kemper Benedict
Cumberbatch Kelly Ripa Alicia Keys Bill
Murray Bernie Sanders Paul Shaffer David
Byrne the National and none other than
Eddie Murphy will join us in Brooklyn if
you liked that video click the subscribe
button but only if you're ready for
commitment